docs(variability): expand on hardware recommendations (#10483)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: docs/variability.md

- Avoid function-as-a-service infrastructure (Lambda, GCF, etc)
- Avoid "burstable" or "shared-core" instance types (AWS `t` instances, GCP shared-core N1 and E2 instances, etc)

`m5.large` on AWS, `n2-standard-2` on GCP, and `D2` on Azure or better all should be sufficient to run a single Lighthouse run at a time (~$0.10/hour for these instance types, ~30s/test, ~$0.0008/Lighthouse report). While some environments that don't meet the requirements above will still be able to run Lighthouse and the non-performance results will still be usable, we'd advise Remember, running on inconsistent hardware will lead to inconsistent results!

### Isolate External Factors

- Isolate your page from third-party influence as much as possible. It’s never fun to be blamed for someone else's variable failures.
- Isolate your own code’s nondeterminism during testing. If you’ve got an animation that randomly shows up, your performance numbers might be random too!
- Isolate your test server from as much network volatility as possible. Use localhost or a machine on the same exact network whenever stability is a concern.

> - Isolate your client environment from external influences like anti-virus software and browser extensions. **DO NOT RUN MULTIPLE LIGHTHOUSE RUNS AT THE SAME TIME**. Use a dedicated device for testing when possible.

Reviewer: maybe move the bold to be the very first item?

If your machine has really limited resources or creating a clean environment has been difficult, use a hosted lab environment like PageSpeed Insights or WebPageTest to run your tests for you. In continuous integration situations, use dedicated servers when possible. Free CI environments and “burstable” instances are typically quite volatile.

### Run Lighthouse Multiple Times

When creating your thresholds for failure, either mental or programmatic, use aggregate values like the median, 90th percentile, or even min instead of single tests.

> The median Lighthouse score of 5 runs is twice as stable as 1 run, and tools like [pwmetrics](https://github.com/paulirish/pwmetrics) or [lighthouse-ci](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci/) can run Lighthouse multiple times for you automatically. Using the minimum value is also a big improvement over not testing at all and is incredibly simple to implement, just run Lighthouse up to 5 times until it passes!

Reviewer: maybe just remove pwmetrics? @paulirish wdyt

Reviewer 2: yeah lets :)

Author: ```suggestion
The median Lighthouse score of 5 runs is twice as stable as 1 run, and tools like [lighthouse-ci](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci/) can run Lighthouse multiple times for you automatically. Using the minimum value is also a big improvement over not testing at all and is incredibly simple to implement, just run Lighthouse up to 5 times until it passes!
```

## Strategies for Dealing With Variance

### Run on Adequate Hardware

Loading modern webpages on a modern browser is not an easy task. Using appropriately powerful hardware can make a world of difference when it comes to variability.

> - Minimum 2 dedicated cores

Reviewer 2: and 4+ vCPU recommended?

Author: ```suggestion
- Minimum 2 dedicated cores (4 recommended)
```

- Minimum 2GB RAM (4-8GB recommended)
- Avoid non-standard Chromium flags (`--single-process` is not supported, `--no-sandbox` and `--headless` should be OK, though educate yourself about [sandbox tradeoffs](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci/tree/fbb540507c031100ee13bf7eb1a4b61c79c5e1e6/docs/recipes/docker-client#--no-sandbox-issues-explained))
- Avoid function-as-a-service infrastructure (Lambda, GCF, etc)
- Avoid "burstable" or "shared-core" instance types (AWS `t` instances, GCP shared-core N1 and E2 instances, etc)

> `m5.large` on AWS, `n2-standard-2` on GCP, and `D2` on Azure or better all should be sufficient to run a single Lighthouse run at a time (~$0.10/hour for these instance types, ~30s/test, ~$0.0008/Lighthouse report). While some environments that don't meet the requirements above will still be able to run Lighthouse and the non-performance results will still be usable, we'd advise against it and won't be able to support those environments should any bugs arise. Remember, running on inconsistent hardware will lead to inconsistent results!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AWS's `m5.large`, GCP's `n2-standard-2`, and Azure's `D2` all should be sufficient to run a single Lighthouse run at a time (~$0.10/hour for these instance types, ~30s/test, ~$0.0008/Lighthouse report). While some environments that don't meet the requirements above will still be able to run Lighthouse and the non-performance results will still be usable, we'd advise against it and won't be able to support those environments should any bugs arise. Remember, running on inconsistent hardware will lead to inconsistent results!
```

> **DO NOT** collect multiple Lighthouse reports at the same time on the same machine. The lighthouse node module is built as a singleton and concurrent runs can interfere with the results. When it comes to Lighthouse runs, scaling horizontally is better than scaling vertically (i.e. run with 4 `n2-standard-2` instead of 1 `n2-standard-8`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**DO NOT** collect multiple Lighthouse reports at the same time on the same machine. Concurrent runs can skew performance results due to resource contention. When it comes to Lighthouse runs, scaling horizontally is better than scaling vertically (i.e. run with 4 `n2-standard-2` instead of 1 `n2-standard-8`).
```

how about emphasizing the perf skew instead of the technical reasons? (we dont want them using child processes to solve the singleton)

Author: sg
